If Qingxue is not qualified, you are even less qualified
What are you?
Do you have a say here?
Friendship Choose Your Dog
Xiao Chen, stop talking
Wanjia is the head of the three major families in Yuncheng
It's not something you can bump into.
And he was right.
I'm really not qualified
I dare not come to Xiaoxiao Wanjia today
Don't take it seriously at all
Hmph, how dare you despise me
Oh, I remember now.
You are the year
The rapist who learned friendship legs from Liu Qing
Why have you been in prison for a long time and your brain is broken?
Kneel down and apologize to you
All souls, right?
If you dare to be rude again
Don't blame me for being ruthless
Ruthlessly attack me
Then try moving one.
I can keep you from leaving this door
Jackie Chan Group project bidding conference is about to start
Please take your seats as soon as possible
Hmph, today is lucky for you dog men and women
Wait until the invited tenders conference is over
I'll slowly rush you to settle the bill.
Xiao Chen, take this opportunity, let's go, let's go
Sit with peace of mind
How dare you sit behind me
Please choose me if you would have left Yuncheng overnight
This sentence
I will also give it to you.
Wait until the engraving conference is over
You can settle the family for a man
Liu Qingxue
You dog man really knows nothing about life and death
Xiao Chen, stop talking
Hello.
I am Luo Zhiqiang, manager of Yuncheng Branch of Tanglong Group
I will preside over this bidding conference
Liu Qingxue, why haven't you left yet?
Are you waiting for me to clean you up?
Or are you just like this useless husband?
I think you can succeed in this bidding again.
Daydreaming
Let me tell you the result of this competition
It's going to happen.